For all designs I ask you to make, have them be beautiful, not cookie cutter. Make webpages that are fully featured and worthy for production.

By default, this template supports JSX syntax with Tailwind CSS classes, React hooks, and Lucide React for icons. Do not install other packages for UI themes, icons, etc unless absolutely necessary or I request them.

Use icons from lucide-react for logos.

<!-- 1. Personalized Baby Care Guidance

Stage-wise advice based on:

Pre-pregnancy
w
Pregnancy trimesters

First 2 years of the child's life

Content tailored to:

Mother's health condition

Baby's age

Local cultural and dietary practices

2. LLM-Powered Chat Assistant (in Hindi, English & Regional Languages)

Parents can ask doubts like:

"My baby has a mild fever, what should I do?"

"Where can I get free vaccination near me?"

The Al responds in simple, regional language with authoritative, government-aligned advice.
3. Local Health Services Integration

Show nearby:

Government health centers (Anganwadi, ANM centers)

Private clinics

Immunization centers

Filter by free/paid, distance, service availability

4. Vaccination & Health Tracker

Auto-generate personalized vaccine schedule based on birth date

Notify parents of upcoming vaccinations

Track weight, height, milestone achievements

5. Nutritional Guidance (Based on Indian Diet)

Meal plans for:

Pre-pregnancy women

Pregnant women

Breastfeeding mothers

Weaning babies (Annaprashana guidance)

Suggest affordable, locally available foods (dal, ragi, bajra, spinach, etc.)
6. Emergency & Medical Alerts

Al detects concerning symptoms (e.g., severe fever, breathing issues) and suggests immediate medical action

Option to call helplines like 102/108 directly from app

7. Offline-First Lightweight App

Minimal data consumption

Key info (vaccination schedule, health tips) available offline

Works on low-cost Android phones

8. Visual Content for Low-Literacy Users

Infographics, step-by-step illustrations (e.g., how to hold a newborn)

Video explainers with voice-over in local languages

9. Trusted Content from Official Sources

Verified information from:

Rashtriya Bal Swasthya Karyakram (RBSK)

National Health Mission

Ministry of Health & Family Welfare
Vision-Language Al:

Parents upload a photo of a rash/illness; Al suggests possible non-serious causes or recommends a doctor visit

Integration with Govt. Schemes:

Show eligibility & how to apply for schemes like Janani Suraksha Yojana, free hospital delivery options -->